Expand warnings in compare-strings.md (#35171)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/how-to/compare-strings.md

## Linguistic comparisons

> Unless overridden, many string comparison methods (such as <xref:System.String.StartsWith%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>) default to using linguistic rules for the _current culture_ to order their inputs.

Reviewer: Let's not use "overridden", because that has a clear meaning that doesn't apply to `StartsWith` because it's not virtual:

```suggestion
Many string comparison methods (such as <xref:System.String.StartsWith%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>) use linguistic rules for the _current culture_ to order their inputs.
```

Reviewer: Good point. I updated my suggestion. It could be just me, but I put the "by default" after "for the current culture". I don't have strong feelings either way.
